I have been yelling and screaming about
what could be the best investment for
the next several years since 2020 here
on this channel and we're going to talk
about that today you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you what
is the best investment what could it be
where should I put my money well I've
been talking about something since 2020
over and over and over again if you're
new to the Channel I want you to
understand exactly what's going on here
look when the government is willing to
invest
billions and even trillions of dollars
into something if there's a recession if
there is a mild recession if it's even
worse than this we need to understand
that they have the completely blank
check believe me they use it in order to
invest in what they see is the right
thing at the same time we have private
investment what we need to realize is
that energy needs to be more abundant
rather than the circumstance we have
today what energy could bring us to the
next level so that we can utilize more
so that we could fall in line with all
of their goals that they have 2030 goals
well of course it's nuclear now there's
debate about this and of course you
break it down a little bit further and
start to realize there's very different
types of nuclear the new stuff is
apparently a lot better than the old
stuff however in today's video we are
going to look at the depths of this and
I want to talk about all things related
beginning with for the first time in two
decades us buys more from Mexico than
China so you can see that things are
changing in this world as we see stuff
that moves all across the globe look at
what's going on in the Red Sea today
where you've got problems that affect
people in their daily life well it could
happen in your own backyard when you
don't have the energy or it's too
expensive or there are short shortages
let's be honest they can't keep up what
did we learn about in 2020 that the
supply chain fundamentally is so fragile
that we use this just in time system
that is terrible look often times the
Power
Generation Um where you get yours is
then sold off it's like a commodity not
to be used for you but often times sold
off water sold off land is sold off
we need to realize that we need to go
more local and of course we need to be
able to depend on our own circumstances
rather than ryant on everything else one
of the main reasons why the Roman Empire
fell is that they were Outsourcing right
they were going out they were spreading
themselves too thin they were
Outsourcing um their wheat production to
North Africa this was a huge issue as
well as you know their military
contractors okay different topic for a
different day the point is when you
start
Outsourcing it's it's just not the same
you know that just with workers you see
the same thing hey this isn't like we
used to have and a lot of people a lot
of customers get upset about that you
could see the chart Associated yes of
course things have changed Mexico with
this whole friend Shoring and near
Shoring bringing more production in
um I don't think it could replace for
everything there's no question about
that however I I can definitely see that
there is a trend that will likely
continue at least for the next little
while because the tensions between the
US and China continue to escalate water
level Productions threat in future
Panama can now Transit um when you see
the charts and things you you realize
that there is a very serious problem all
I'm trying to highlight here by the way
you can see on the right hand side that
that's the current numbers and you know
it's just way below stuff getting from
one place to another is becoming more
difficult that means Rising prices
higher prices for you as a consumer and
then we move into the energy side of
things critics slam Province for
supporting refurbishment of the
Pickering nuclear plant this nuclear
plant in Ontario um leaked radioactive
water uh inside or I believe now I'm
going to second guess myself as I say
that but I've covered it here on the
channel in more than one video over the
years it definitely leaked radioactive
material into the drinking water of many
people millions of people that's okay
though because they said it's just a
small amount and we don't have to clean
it
up anyway that's just me venting looking
at this you can see that they are going
into refurbish mode they're going to EXT
extend the life of a lot of these places
France is doing the same thing and it
goes on New Wave reactor technology
could Kickstart a nuclear Renaissance
and the US is banking on it so there's
all these different types of nuclear
that are coming out we have these like
smaller type modular type mini reactors
where you could build them out let's
just say you had a more rural setting
every time you try to bring energy from
one place to another there's more
resistance you lose energy it's just
difficult to do this you would want want
it to be as local as possible they're
doing this they're trying to get on it
more and more that is a positive uh
thing to see and then you look at this I
believe I have that yes right here
looking at the nuclear energy becoming
the most disgusted Topic at cop 28 which
was in Dubai covered it here many times
as it was going on a historical support
for
decarbonization and nuclear energy as a
a source of low emission base load
energy in particular more than 20
countries with the exception of China
and Russia signed the Declaration
pledging to Triple nuclear energy
outputs by 2050 it's okay so let's just
stop there what does that mean more
nuclear what then if they're going to do
it the governments are doing it they're
going in this direction
nuclear who stands to gain quono well of
course this is is where we have to start
realizing well what does nuclear use it
uses number one there's obviously the
company surrounding the construction
there's all sorts of elements required
in building nuclear plants but the
uranium is key there's no question about
that no question all right so already
they're talking about the billions of
dollars that are going into it and so on
and if they're going to not be taking
uranium from Russia because Russia's um
you know outside the the circle of
friends well then it's going to put more
pressure more Demand on the suppliers in
Canada and other places uranium markets
bullish Trend to persist for years to
come now of course camoo this is the one
that I have been highlighting since 2020
all right but not because you know any
particular thing it's just the biggest
company so it's sort of an easy target
in that in that sense but look now we
got to take it with a grain of salt
obviously the guy is the CEO of the
company he's going to talk about how
wonderful uranium is and so that's a
fact however when we look at it over the
past couple years the price has gone
quite High chemical doubles 2023 uranium
sales prices compared to the year
earlier they've done very well as
expected the demand is so obvious but on
the other end of the things wind farms
are overstating their output and
consumers are paying for it so you can
see that wind maybe some places could be
good however when we want to generate
the amount of energy that they suggest
like they need a lot more to be produced
in the next few years if you don't want
that done with coal if you don't want
done that with with biomass like people
burning wood and things well then you
know you got to have this on a grand
scale and they're going to tell us that
nuclear is the way to go you can debate
that and you know obviously there's
Fukushima and
everything but this is what they're
going to do and who's going to win
that's what you got to understand I've
been breaking I've been yelling and
screaming since 2020 and if you've heard
me yelling and screaming please put it
in the comments below because there
going to be new people here that are
going to say I don't know is this guy
telling the truth but that's all we do
here truth so that you can thrive
and prosper look if this is this type of
thing that interests you on my finance
Friday lives I get into the depths of
this stuff I actually have been telling
people over and over again screaming it
but not just telling them explaining it
looking at it at a deeper level and if
you're interested it's two hours every
Friday and then there's the recordings
so if you can't make it live like we
have people that can't make it actually
live at that specific time they get the
recordings two actually more than hours
usually but that's every Friday you can
get that you can ask your questions you
can get your whatever it is you're
you're worried about retirement you're
worried about Investments this and that
you get your questions answered we all
look at this and have a great time if
you want link is in the description the
money gps.com
live I hope to see you there and of
course hit that Thumbs Up Button I'll
see you tomorrow take care